happy day after day like saving day how
are you holding up what for that
everyone all right yesterday morning was
our annual reminder that we aren't as
smart as our microwave ovens and
Guillermo had a big week and
congratulations to you Guillermo
oh thank you Jimmy you're welcome now
gear this is from a horse race in Tampa
Bay on Saturday and it would seem that
we have a winner in our midst
[Applause]
what's your horse's name Guillermo
Pepe Pepe it's also his dog's name
coincidentally the corona virus this
corona virus is all I hear about from
whoo people are selling off stocks and
buying up toilet paper and if you are
buying up toilet paper I have a question
why are you buying up toilet paper right
I think you've got the body upside down
because people are cancelling events the
South by Southwest festival in Austin
was canceled over the weekend
there's talk they may hold NBA games
with no fans in the crowd Italy the
country is closed it's very real you
know I try not to get too worked up
about this sort of thing but then I saw
this headline over the weekend and for
me now this is serious Costco is pulling
their free samples Trump needs to send
Mike Pence to Costco to figure this out
right now this was also scary news for
Costco shoppers this was from the
weekend too oj posted coronavirus he's
afraid
you know are those two separate
questions or one because whenever you're
out in a mask we're afraid all of us
I've been doing my part to fight the
corona virus the virus we are trying to
spread is called the El bump there it is
lb UMP we branded this last week and it
seems to be catching on for instance on
Kelly and Ryan there's Whitney Cummings
doing the L bump very elegantly there's
my kid Tony from pardon the interruption
Djimon Honsou was on Kelly and Ryan he
did the l-bomb oh we got Coach K and Roy
Williams doing it even vice president
Mike Pence is participating put it there
soul brother so keep doing that just get
in the habit of doing the president
publicly seems determined to keep
shaking hands he has said that and that
he will not cancel his rallies but a
report today from Vanity Fair says he is
privately terrified about getting the
virus and thinks journalists will try to
purposefully contract coronavirus to
give it to him on Air Force One but that
doesn't seem paranoid at all that's on
Friday the president signed a funding
bill from Congress to help combat the
virus and really pay attention to what
he says here so we're sending the 80
going three billion and a half
and I'll take it okay he only asked for
two and a half billion Congress said we
we authorized eight point three billion
and he's bragging that he wanted less I
don't know it doesn't he somehow finds a
way to brag about everything and at the
signing somebody asked him about
Elizabeth Warren and whether sexism
played a role in her campaign not
working out and you're gonna be
surprised to hear he doesn't she
destroyed Mike Bloomberg very quickly
like it was nothing that was easy for
people don't like it it's a very big
person and people don't like her people
don't want them they like a person like
me that's not me
[Applause]
so Trump was up bright and early this
morning trying to downplay the virus he
wrote so last year 37 thousand Americans
died from the common flu it averages
between twenty seven thousand and
seventy thousand per year
nothing is shut down life in the economy
go on at this moment there are 546
confirmed cases of corona virus with 22
deaths think about that though you think
about that you're the one who's
president 546 and 22 this is not good
news
if you found out 546 of your friends
were on tik-tok you wouldn't be like
okay well glad I'm thank god that's over
you it's the president stopped by CDC
headquarters on Friday that is the
Center for Disease Control to explain to
the experts who are working on the virus
that he's an expert to press use at MIT
he taught at MIT for I think like a
record number of years
is a great super genius dr. John Trump I
like this stuff I really get it people
are surprised about understand I've been
one of these artists that have you know
so much about this maybe I have a
natural ability maybe I should have done
that instead of running to president
yeah yeah I agree with that I think of
all the Nobel Prizes you would've won by
now everyone relaxed Trump's uncle was a
super genius the president then treated
these health officials to another
helping of humility watch the guy in the
right here this is dr. Steve Monroe he's
one of the top experts on lab science
and safety in the world and watch his
face as the President speaks they're
making millions of more as we speak but
hazard right now and yesterday anybody
that needs a test that's imported in and
the tests are all perfect like the
letter was perfect the transcription is
perfect but this was not as perfect is
that but that's a meet Alyssa some kind
of
a mix between I wish I was dead and oh
my god were actually going to be dead
but the tests are perfect everything's
perfect that's why Trump fired his chief
of staff over the weekend he was too
perfect Mick Mulvaney Trump's fourth
chief of staff in three years is out
you'll be replaced by congressman Mark
meadows Mick Mulvaney now mark meadows
he's really he's working his way through
the EM so keep your fingers crossed
Matthew Modine meanwhile Trump was
apparently upset that Mulvaney went to
Vegas during this current emergency
which would make sense if he himself
hadn't been upset from his vacation home
in Florida where he went during the
emergency now efforts are being made to
slow the virus on a local level the
mayor of New York Bill de Blasio is
urging New Yorkers to stay indoors and
stay off the subway basically the mayor
is telling New Yorkers to avoid New York
at all cost
the Bozzio also said New Yorkers should
refrain from shaking hands which that
one shouldn't be a problem most New
Yorkers don't even like to make eye
contact with one another but this report
to me really it shines a light on how
the corona virus is being received in
the Big Apple I'm not doing anything
different I still wash my hands when I
go eat it'll go out it's nice to wash
wash up yes I'm washing my hands for at
least 20 seconds often I'm washing my
hands more but not for 20 seconds I
don't have the patience for that
but she did have the patience to tie
that scarf into six giant knot that's
why I always say be patient or be up
patient it's been my motto since 1973
this is interesting senator Ted Cruz
announced yesterday he's placed himself
under self quarantine because of the
virus so every cloud has a silver lining
I guess the Ted calls it a self
quarantine others call it having no
friends but Ted Cruz decided to put
himself under house arrest because he
shook hands with a carrier at CPAC the
week before last and I am worried about
Ted he's actually spending his
quarantine backstage at our show can we
bring him out for a second oh here he is
right here okay
Darius well hey I do want to ask is
everything okay in there I'm doing fine
Jimmy just doing my part to keep America
safe okay well that's what I like to
hear I hope you're okay I really do
thanks Jimmy can I get a sprinkle of
that food oh yeah
sure absolutely I'll give you a little
there eat it all okay hey you know what
he's got some algae on his belly let's
get that cleaned off he he's a senator
have some respect for God's sake I'll
see you later senator Cruz good luck
is that more than you're supposed to
give Joe Biden is not under
self-quarantine he is out there
spreading his brand of kooky common
sense to anybody who'll listen
including this confused crowd in Kansas
City Turner's primary from a campaign
that's about negative attacks into one
about what were for because we cannot
get reelected we cannot win this
reelection excuse me we can only really
let Donald Trump if in fact we get
engaged in this circular box well boy I
don't know it it's like he's losing a
debate against himself hi I'm Jimmy
Kimmel and this is the Internet I made
it myself
hit subscribe if you like it